From 92 to 93 I worked in a technical assistance company.
After a while my boss would ask me to lie to the clients telling them that they would
receive new parts when actually they were refurbished parts, so I said no way.
I wouldn't do that.
I said I'd prefer to be fired than to do something that would displease Jehovah.
Not only that, but my supervisor was verbally abusive.
Sometimes he would throw my lunch in the trash on purpose just to be mean.
Sometime later my supervisor became very sick.
I made the most of the opportunity to witness to him.
He said that he had moved from the neighborhood, was studying the Bible, and that the brothers
were visiting him at his home.
Before he died, he said that he was very happy that he was learning about Jehovah.
He showed me that with Jehovah's help, we can keep our integrity and also help others
to get to know him.
When I started my training as a bank clerk, my being one of Jehovah's witnesses didn't
seem to be a problem initially.
Not much later though, my superior called me in.
She told me it actually would be a problem if customers saw me in the ministry and that
I should simply stop preaching.
I explained to her that I never intended to harm my employer's interests, but to stop
preaching, I could not do that.
I was still in my employment probation period.
Two weeks later, I was summoned to the Human Resources Department at the bank's headquarters.
They politely requested I quit preaching.
I should think twice about what was more important to me, my employer's interests or my ministry.
I respectfully explained that to me, Jehovah is the most important and that I would continue
preaching.
My probation period ended.
My training continued and during the rest of my apprenticeship, it was never mentioned
again.
I am really grateful to Jehovah.
It was he who gave me the strength not to compromise.